[prometheus] Add individual nodeSelector and toleration settings for longterm (#3711)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE_CONFIGURE.md

    * It checks if a node with the <code>node-role.deckhouse.io/MODULE_NAME</code> label is present in the cluster.
    * It checks if a node with the <code>node-role.deckhouse.io/monitoring</code> label is present in the cluster.
    * It checks if a node with the <code>node-role.deckhouse.io/system</code> label is present in the cluster.

>   * Deckhouse examines nodes to determine a longtermNodeSelector in the following order:
>     * It checks if a node with the <code>node-role.deckhouse.io/monitoring-longterm</code> label is present in the cluster.
>     * Otherwise, the logic for the nodeSelector section will be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Deckhouse examines nodes to determine a [longtermNodeSelector](modules/300-prometheus/configuration.html#parameters-longtermretentiondays) in the following order:
    * It checks if a node with the `node-role.deckhouse.io/monitoring-longterm` label is present in the cluster.
    * Otherwise, the logic for the [nodeSelector](modules/300-prometheus/configuration.html#parameters-nodeselector) section will be executed.
```

  * Tolerations to add (note that tolerations are added all at once):

>     * <code>{"key":"dedicated.deckhouse.io","operator":"Equal","value":"MODULE_NAME"}</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `{"key":"dedicated.deckhouse.io","operator":"Equal","value":"MODULE_NAME"}`
```
